Add ddtrace to dev doc (#9515)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/testing.md

- `--debug`/`-d` (`pytest`: `--log-level=debug -s`) - Set the log level to debug
- `--pdb` (`pytest`: `--pdb -x`) - Drop to PDB on first failure, then end test session
- `--verbose`/`-v` (`pytest`: `-v --tb=auto`) - Increase verbosity (can be used additively) and disables shortened tracebacks

> - `--ddtrace` (`pytest`: `--ddtrace`) - Submit test traces to a local Datadog agent using [`ddtrace`][pytest-ddtrace] python package e.g. `ddev test --ddtrace consul` ; won't work if a py2-windows environment is tested

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--ddtrace` (`pytest`: `--ddtrace`) - Submit test traces to a local Datadog Agent using the [`ddtrace`][pytest-ddtrace] Python package. For example:`ddev test --ddtrace consul`. This does not work if you are testing a Python 2 Windows environment.
```
